[RHACS] Added release note about code_bpf support for ppc64le arch (#74023)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/44-release-notes.adoc

* You no longer need to update the Collector support packages if you are offline.
By avoiding issues related to eBPF probe retrieval, such as the risk of losing the network connection or if the probe is not present, you can update a cluster smoothly.

[id="core-bpf-collection-method-is-now-generally-available_{context}"]
=== The CORE BPF collection method is now generally available for ppc64le architecture

> {product-title-short} 4.2 included the runtime collection method based on BPF CO-RE (Compile Once-Run Everywhere), which is available on the `x86_64` and `s390x` architectures. Starting with {product-title-short} 4.4, BPF CO-RE is now generally available on the `ppc64le` architecture. To enable it, set the value of your backed-up cluster's `collector.collectionMethod` parameter to `CORE_BPF`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{product-title-short} 4.2 included the runtime collection method based on BPF CO-RE (Compile Once-Run Everywhere), which is available on the `x86_64` and `s390x` architectures. Starting with {product-title-short} 4.4, BPF CO-RE is now generally available on the `ppc64le` architecture. To enable it, set the value of your secured cluster's `collector.collectionMethod` parameter to `CORE_BPF`.
```
